hey guys it looks kinda back another
unboxing this time it's my coach of Eric
nylon laptop sleeve yes this is real
just purchased today from the coaches or
got it just so you know because I have a
coach wallet as well and just thought it
would go well here's my water buffalo
wallet and coach where's logo oops logo
is a little hard to see because it's
been through the wash and I lost some of
its color but that's where it is it's
it's opening this what else is in here
here's the receipt price was fifty eight
dollars plus tax so well priced
definitely more than other laptop
sleeves but hopefully it is higher
quality since it is coach okay down the
silver scoot
very nice packaging
definitely feels nice nice soft nylon
simple tag leather zipper hold here's
what it says not sure if you guys can
see that coach estimated 1941 this is a
coach bag it was handcrafted in China
the finest materials trimmed with
leather its superior craftsmanship and
can't really read it an attention to
detail reflects our come in commitment
to enduring quality little disappointed
that was made in China I thought of you
made somewhere else but here it is nice
stitching let's open it up just some
cheap packaging
sorry you can't read that should I put
my camera on macro inside as a nice soft
I'll loud but we should have had at
least one more pocket but guess it
doesn't let's see what it fits my laptop
14.1 8 1 inch HP dv4 t see how it goes
whoo fits perfectly a little room left
over guessing it could fit a 15.4 inch
but nothing bigger than that definitely
protected it's kind of thick as you can
see also sorry for the mess in my room
just no moving empty boxes around
so here it is the coach barrack nylon
laptop sleeve see you guys later more
unboxing coming soon